so I was born with a condition called
gastrosis the simplest way to put it is
I was born inside out I had a hole in my
stomach and my organs were floating
around like some sort of forbidden
spaghetti so as a baby I was kept in the
hospital for weeks with my organs
suspended above my body in a bag
eventually all of the organs dripped
down into place and they sewed me up and
sent me home with a warning a warning
that I would have a high risk of having
a hernia as an adult so at 18 years old
I had a hernia basically my intestines
broke through my abdominal wall and made
a very uncomfortable and painful
protrusion I went to the doctor and lo
and behold this was actually the same
doctor that did my gastrosis surgery as
a baby so of course he Pat himself on
the back for this amazing work of art
that I call my fake belly button but
anyway nobody's perfect we're all trying
our best I love you guys hang in there
stay flexy